I don't value your opinion though okay
well that's unfortunate for you because
think about where you'd be right now the
point is well I'm joined right now by
Avila main week nine of na LCS and I
don't really know what we're gonna talk
about I just know that it's cold and
she's in a dress and I've got a jacket
on and thus I will try to hit the
ten-minute mark for a YouTube interview
that I need for revenue while freezing
her also by the way coverage presented
by Omni slash just wanna extend of that
out here how's it going awfully it's
very cold Travis and you know I'm doing
this just for you since you're such a
near and dear friend its Los Angeles it
can't be that cold okay it has been
raining for the past three days I went
to work in like canvas shoes and my
everything was wet and my little feet
everything was squishy when I walked and
it was uncomfortable where's the Sun
where's the sunshine it's just I'm tired
yeah it's there's Sun out right now
barely it's hidden behind the clouds
where'd the actual questions Travis I
was in Oz we're having a discussion
about the weather which is really I
trained you better than this I don't
think that's how this works
we're having a discussion about the
weather which is why everyone Tunes in
to youtube.com / Travis cafard they
subscribe here to learn about the Los
Angeles weather you could have made some
good like cloud 9 jokes or something
because the clouds I was in Austin for
South by Southwest it was very warm
while you were freezing the rain alright
since this is what Travis wants me to do
Travis what did you do at South by
Southwest oh it was such a great time I
did a panel with Steve from Team Liquid
also say Matthews from fanatic hung out
with some friends and I made there a
couple years ago you made friends flew a
drone I flew a drone isn't that really
cool that was like one of the highlights
sounds more like you and I didn't drink
I didn't drink I'm a very sober person
much like yourself Bob Lee didn't drink
because no one invited you out or didn't
drink like mostly I usually drink
whatever you usually drink when you're
alone in the hotel room and there's a
little mini bar and you just cry
yourself to sleep yeah yeah exactly just
how many just how much to turn the tears
into
anyway the point is what you can do is
you could take that alcohol play a Jojo
drinking game where basically you
watched JoJo's okay we're done with
oddly this is this is the rule Avila
gets the microphone until she starts
talking about a de way that it comes
back to me what what is this split been
like for you because it's the first
split that you've had entirely with riot
where in the last two days of it it has
been crazy I came in yeah like I only
did a few weeks of last year helped a
little bit with all-stars but coming in
like having an entire split to myself
where I know that I'm just gonna do all
the interviews I really enjoyed it
just because I found that I've improved
so like when I started with you I sucked
and you couldn't know this was like a
forge you did nothing
okay you kind of helped me to where I
could formulate words and sentences but
talking with all the casters here like
pastry and - and even Shox like they all
took time out of their day to kind of
review some of my interviews with me and
say like don't make that face or where
are you looking I would tell you not to
make that face for so long like that
face right there yes that one just don't
make that face
please okay well that's unfortunate for
you because think about where you'd be
right now the point is what were some of
the highlights for you of the split like
for you personally like eating
particular interviews I needed the alt
stream what what stood out for you for
this time everyone asks me about like my
favorite interviews or favorite
interview I always like the ones where
the players can kind of trash talk a
little bit so of course all of my
interviews with doublelift I had one
with Apollo where Mark was kind of just
trash talking clutch and I let him fire
back at mark so that was great okay but
Vivienne also I like he okay this is
this is my fun fact no one had ever I
don't want to say ever because I'm sure
there were some instances but no one had
ever dropped the f-bomb during
interviews really know people are
definitely but not that frequently and
then as soon as I came every single day
I had someone who dropped the f-bomb and
I'm like does my face
you inspire you inspire profanity I
think so it is like people you know
nobody wants to be a good upstanding
human next to you you just bring
everyone down good I like being a
degenerate just ruining the
professionalism at the NA LCS is what I
thought I trained you better than that
I'm bringing memes back Travis where
they ever gone I feel like it I'll see
sisters with memes forever all right so
what asked me a good question
if League of Legends spring split 2018
was an anime which anime would it be oh
that's a tough one because I feel like
it's this split has just been nothing
like what people expected because like
Inuyasha you know okay you know Yasha
don't even get me started
kikyo or Kagome Travis I liked the the
main one the younger sister right I hate
you is that Kagome I'm trying to think
of like what's the most underdog because
that I feel like it was like no one had
that much faith in hundred thieves when
they came in especially clutch when they
came in and they just battled it out in
a third place for it right now
God what's a good underdog I don't want
to say I want to say my hair accademia
just because I love all of the
characters again I leave I only know any
Asha because whenever I was in high
school playing World of Warcraft at 2:00
a.m. it was on Adult Swim that's all I
got I barely remember I just liked the
guy that could suck things in with his
hand and he was a womanizer are you
aspiring to be Miroku now I are you
asking every woman that you meet can I
bear your children or something or my
children no I'm a very sober person both
when it comes to alcohol and women I
think let's let's change the topic
are you looking forward to all the big
stuff that happens next what's the big
stuff so I don't know if you haven't
know not anime I don't know if you know
this but after spring split there's a
playoff that occurs and people go to
especially there's going to Miami
whoever wins that goes to MSI which is
happening in a studio in Berlin
for the most part and then yeah that's
like the big stuff yeah I'm excited for
those things and then in July there's
Anime Expo in July there's Anime Expo
I'm very excited for that no but I think
playoffs is gonna be fun this will be
like my first time traveling for a riot
event so you're going so I'm going Miami
yeah is that announced yet
I mean like is it who else is gonna do
Andrew
cut this people don't know about Andrew
yet they still think that's Brodin
shorter Brodin cut this yeah yes he does
kind of he's very reminiscing the
president he's half asian and he's
Japanese right Nihon Jean Jessica we you
know we can like talk you in
Japanese when you're not he wouldn't
because I pay his salary yeah he's on
the books kind of like how you didn't
used to whenever I was a charge of
getting you paid and now you're far more
aggressive and rude who is gonna win
playoffs we're just gonna have to wait
and see Travis we're just gonna have to
wait your not like everybody else saw
the broadcast makes a prediction I'm not
an analyst like everybody else okay
listen my prediction was oh look golden
Guardians has the most weebs on the team
let's see how far they go yeah I'm not
an analyst but I I'm gonna say echo fox
because I would normally say TSM but an
arrow is waiting off-camera for me to
interview him and he's eavesdropping on
this so I have to say echo Fox echo Fox
definitely gonna win especially because
they've got new talent they've just had
them hiding out and then they bring them
in last minute to throw everybody off
yes just now yes you interviewed Papa
Chow who seems like that nicest guy ever
okay so I had to chase him down for that
interview he's so sweet but he was very
nervous so but he did
great job I'm surprised he's nervous
he's like I seem like he nailed it well
you know that I love anyone in the
collegiate scene and he came from the
collegiate scene so I was I just wanted
to sit there and talk to him about
college but you know you can't do that
on the broadcast what I mean you could
have asked him I know you came from the
collegiate scene did that prepare like
how much did that prepare you for now
that you're on the LCS
I can't just talk about the collegiate
scene all the time I asked about his
journey though that's how I snuck it in
okay see Travis it's skilled
interviewers we'll find ways to ask
their questions without they not want
you talking about college on them anyway
let's talk about something entirely
different which is
Brodin so Brodin is not here but he
watches these interviews and we'll watch
this one and I'm just kind of curious
what your general take on my editor is
it mean he's tall because a lot of
people are very curious about Britain
they know nothing about him you know him
because we all used to work together at
Yahoo so I was just like do you have
anything you would say about him other
than he's tall he's very tall he's half
Swedish he is bad at video games
especially overwatch okay
and that's all yeah I mean like what
else do you want me to say I mean I just
like people are curious about him and so
I just thought that you might know more
than like his race his height and how he
is a videogames but do you just want me
to get to know all of your editors no I
just you know him for what we work
together so I'm just there the only
other person that appears on camera
interview is really falling flat I don't
think Travis knows how to interview
people anymore Travis if you had the
opportunity to interview anyone on the
LCS casting team except besides me who
would you talk to well I'm talking to
Coby later today so that's probably what
are you gonna ask him about I don't know
as with everything as all the YouTube
comments believe I never know what I'm
going to talk about I don't plan no
actually I'll probably talk to him about
how he how surprised he is of how the
split went about chat talking you know
chat predicting CLG and then
not even making it to playoffs sort of
is echo fox gonna return I always think
it's fun to talk to you the analysts and
the casters like around the time that a
bunch of stuff goes down so swinging a
bunch of stuff echo foxes are gonna walk
past us right now and so sly quest so
okay okay so everyone ducks you could
see them walk behind us how low can you
go
how low can you go Travis when you say
everyone not very low and when you say
everyone do you mean like you and me
it's like okay arrow really wants me to
wrap this up so he can do the interview
I think so an era looks like he's
enjoying the company of his own friends
since you are you okay you could have
asked me about so many different things
we don't have to always talk about
League Travis League is great but it's
not the entire world you know what is in
the entire world anime spring season who
are you excited for dropped in the
comment shokugeki Mike here anything you
would like to say to any of the fans out
there hi fans I've never had any before
so it's kind of cool to have you thanks
for supporting this guy if you didn't
he'd probably come live on my couch and
I really do not want that to happen so
please continue to support him thanks
for supporting me oh here I'll just
seamlessly I'll walk outta frame when
then you can do the outro for this video
we've never done this before but it'll
just go seamlessly into the outro this
is what you guys have all been waiting
for Travis is gone now it's just me but
unfortunately it is the end of the
interview I'm going to do an outro
thanks for watching like subscribe what
is it it's youtube.com slash travis
slash lude and there's some interesting
pictures there so go ahead and go to
that and yeah thanks Omni slash for
supporting him please keep him off my
couch